{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red9\green80\blue208;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c41176\c85098;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
INTRODUCTION\
\'a0\
This release of the Protocol 2 (P2) firmware represents a significant improvement over the versions that had been posted some time ago to the repository. Most notably, these versions should run in a stable fashion on the vast majority, if not all, ANAN series radios.\
\'a0\
REQUIREMENTS\
\'a0\
P2 operation REQUIRES a Gigabit Ethernet connection to the radio hardware. As with Protocol 1 firmware, the radio hardware will only run at a single Ethernet speed, and with P2 that is the Gigabit rate.\
\'a0\
P2 operation REQUIRES use of P2 compatible client software. At this time the following clients are known to be P2 compatible:\
\'a0\
- Thetis, which is the nominal replacement for PowerSDR mRX PS. It includes most but not all of the features of PowerSDR, and a few features that are new. PowerSDR users will be immediately comfortable and productive with Thetis. Thetis also includes many "under the hood" improvements that should, ultimately, provide more reliable data processing (e.g. fewer audio glitches).\
\'a0\
- SDR Console, currently in beta and available via Simon Brown's SDR Console online community.\
\'a0\
- piHPSDR, for the piHPSDR controller hardware.\
\'a0\
- linHPSDR, for those who prefer Linux.\
\'a0\
INSTALLATION\
\'a0\
Migration from Protocol 1 to Protocol 2 can be done using HPSDR Programmer or HPSDR Bootloader in the normal fashion. However, once Protocol 2 resides in the hardware, successive firmware loads will require the use of either a new P2 compatible programmer application or HPSDR Bootloader. Very detailed instructions are available here:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://apache-labs.com/community/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=2333"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://apache-labs.com/community/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=2333}}\
\'a0\
KNOWN BUGS & LIMITATIONS\
\'a0\
This is BETA firmware, with all that BETA status entails. There will certainly be a number of problems and issues that crop up. In order to better track these, it is recommended that firmware discussions be concentrated here:\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://apache-labs.com/community/viewforum.php?f=32"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://apache-labs.com/community/viewforum.php?f=32}}\
\'a0\
And client (Thetis et al) discussions be concentrated here:\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://apache-labs.com/community/viewforum.php?f=5"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://apache-labs.com/community/viewforum.php?f=5}}\
\'a0\
Of course you are also welcome to use the legacy HPSDR, Yahoo email reflectors or other online resources as you prefer.\
\'a0\
It should be noted that there is a potential concern for Angelia and Hermes based radios (100D, 100B, 100, 10, 10E). With the Media Access Controller (MAC) logic on the FPGA now running at Gigabit speeds this causes the power consumption requirements of the FPGA to increase. On these SDR cards, overheating of the "F3" positive temperature coefficient (PTC) device which protects the 3.3V supply has been reported, with resulting erratic operation due to current limitations. It is not yet clear how significant this problem may be. The development team has not, as of yet, looked into a possible firmware based solution for this problem (e.g. creating 100BASE-T versions of the Protocol 2 FPGA images). You may need to consider a hardware modification to fully support Protocol 2 Gigabit operation.\
\'a0\
}